README.md, before:

# Pubquiz websocket application

_Check out the live demo at https://quizzer.yorrickbakker.nl/_!

This application was made as an assignment for the HAN Hogeschool van Arnhem en
Nijmegen in 2019. It's a pubquiz application that uses an Express-based REST API
and a minimalistic React frontend. It uses the WebSocket architecture to add
near-real-time functionality to the app. MongoDB is used for data storage and
session recovery.

## How it works

A "quizmaster" can create a new room by supplying a room name and password.
Pubquiz attendees can then join this quiz using a randomly generated room id and
the password the quizmaster set. The quizmaster can then choose a few
categories, start the round and select a fun question for the contestants to
answer. The Quizzer contestants use their cell phones while the quizmaster uses
a tablet. The interface is tailored to that usage, but still somewhat
responsive.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977428-f7bdeb80-542a-11ea-9fe8-e1026bd26457.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977588-44a1c200-542b-11ea-9d86-0704172802a8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977492-18864100-542b-11ea-816c-34b4ed7ee946.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977547-30f65b80-542b-11ea-8ac5-caf7e6e988be.png)

Commit message:

Add docker information in README

README.md, after:

# Pubquiz websocket application

_Check out the live demo at https://quizzer.yorrickbakker.nl/_!

This application was made as an assignment for the HAN Hogeschool van Arnhem en
Nijmegen in 2019. It's a pubquiz application that uses an Express-based REST API
and a minimalistic React frontend. It uses the WebSocket architecture to add
near-real-time functionality to the app. MongoDB is used for data storage and
session recovery.

## Docker

This application can be deployed with docker. You need to create a
`.env.production.local` in the `quizzer-client` folder and a `.env` in the
`quizzer-server` folder. You should base these files on the supplied templates.
After doing this, run `npm run build` in `quizzer-client` to create a production
build using `create-react-app`. After this, you can run
`docker-compose up -d --build`. The API and websocket server both run on port
`3000` by default, the client runs in an nginx container on port `3001`.

## How it works

A "quizmaster" can create a new room by supplying a room name and password.
Pubquiz attendees can then join this quiz using a randomly generated room id and
the password the quizmaster set. The quizmaster can then choose a few
categories, start the round and select a fun question for the contestants to
answer. The Quizzer contestants use their cell phones while the quizmaster uses
a tablet. The interface is tailored to that usage, but still somewhat
responsive.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977428-f7bdeb80-542a-11ea-9fe8-e1026bd26457.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977588-44a1c200-542b-11ea-9d86-0704172802a8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977492-18864100-542b-11ea-816c-34b4ed7ee946.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24809068/74977547-30f65b80-542b-11ea-8ac5-caf7e6e988be.png)
